Feature/merchant orders payer email changelog (#865)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/resources/changelog/current-year.en.md

---

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## September 2020

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---

## September 2020
```

### September 9th

> CHANGELOG
>
> API Orders changes
>
> FEATURE: FEATURE
>
> PRODUCT: ORDERS

> Actualizamos nuestras medidas de protección de datos para cumplir con los más altos estándares de seguridad. A partir del lunes 12 de octubre, vamos a dejar de mostrar el e-mail del comprador en la creación de órdenes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We update our data protection protocols to meet the highest security standards. After October 12th, we will stop displaying the payer's e-mail when creating orders.
```

You can see all the information in the [API Reference](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/merchant_orders/resource/).

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## September 2020

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Puedes ver toda la información en la [Referencia de API](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/merchant_orders/resource/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see all the information in the [API Reference](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/reference/merchant_orders/resource/).
```
